{'IKOYI': {nan, 'The hospital staff are nice and always give me hope in doubtful situations concerning my health', 'Thank you to the clinic mananger and staff for making me feel very comfortable. Thank you Biodun Ashiru', 'The services can be better.', 'The physiotherapy I received and the physiotherapist (Funsho Emofo) was excellent', 'The CT Scan department left me dissatisfied with the process of patient care at Lagoon hospital and I decided that I will never return to any procedure here again.', 'Dr Oriowo is the best', 'The systems and processes here are completely and utterly not fit for purpose. Everytime I come here, I spend hours doing nothing but waiting . You need an efficient system that moves patients through quickly and meets the need of the patients at all times.Lagoon Hospital needs a complete overhaul. What you have at the moment is a mess!', 'SURVEY QUESTIONS', 'Services met my requirement.', 'Satisfactory', 'I am filling this form mainly for Mr Biodun- He makessuch a great positive impact in customer service.I was here last year with my Mum . He was so helpful. Here I am again with my daughter, Biodun comes in and makes a difference. ', 'The only issue I have noticed is your systems are not always updated with the current information made available on time', 'My experience at Lagoon in the last decade has been very pleasant and could be regarded to be above the available standard in Nigeria.', 'The timeliness and promptness of the laboratory needs to be looked at, maybe more hands are needed.', 'The queue for vitals and other checks should be regulated and not left to the patient', 'Mr Biodun Ashiru is remarkable and excellent in attending to clients. He is corteous and friendly. He makes my visit stress free', 'The hospital is not child friendly! There is not adequate paediatric facilities for children, both boarding (no child friendly bed) Generally ,I think the paediatric services is very poor.'}, 'IKEJA': {nan, 'Approval process for HMO patients can be improved upon.', 'I have a strong issue with dispensing of drugs which takes hours at times. They say they are looking for codes or waiting for approval. This should improve', 'Good Job', 'SURVEY QUESTIONS', 'The staff are doing more than average. The lab can do better,ensuring results are transmitted promptly and professionally.', 'I am a liitle bit satisfied with the excellent services rendered to me', 'Satisfactory', 'Please be time conscious,people have other things to attend to', 'The Lab analysis needs to be upgraded or total overhaul for better and efficient outcome of results. Doctors need to probe deeper  and listen to patients when they complain and read up history from past patient visits for further evaluations.', 'The entire Lagoon team are wonderful', 'Impressive service', 'Management needs to improve on the turnaround time of getting approvals from HMO for patients.', 'I was amazed when I received a call to remind me of my appointment today. Nice customer service', 'I like Lagoon Hospital'}, 'VI': {'My scores say it all. Excellent team, excellent service.Keep it up.', nan, 'The staff of Lagoon are doing a very good job.', 'Always willing to help', 'The staff are friendly,has customer service, attentive and also caring', 'Excellent hospitality services.', 'Excellent services rendered most admirable and professional', 'It has a really conducive environment and courteous staff ', 'Very good and quality services', 'Doing well and striving for continous improvements.', 'Environment is nice and cool. Nurses are friendly, wonderful doctors. Overall, had a nice experience', 'They have improved greatly in their appointment sysytem and always call me a day to my appointment. Well done Lagoon.', 'Great time management, really appreciate the speedy delivery', 'I love Lagoon', 'Everything is good about Lagoon.', 'SURVEY QUESTIONS', 'Team work, very top notch', 'Lagoon is ok', 'The staff smile and are ready to help', 'I am impressed with the general behaviour and reception of all the staff,evidence of good training,practical follow ups. Keep it up.', 'Great service but please pick up your phone', 'Did my test within 45 minutes. Im impressed.', 'The services of the clinic manager LSS and the front desk officers was very fantastic and really encouraging . The doctor was friendly.'}, 'APAPA': {nan, 'The staff can improve with better communication with services. The waiting time can be improved by availability of more doctors. Nurses can improve in their communication and service provisison.', 'Please work on your laboratory and pharmacy', 'SURVEY QUESTIONS', 'Performance is better than before', 'Keep it up.', 'I love the Hospital', 'The hospital is ok but please bring the clinics back.', 'I have not had any problem coming to the hospital . Lagoon Hospital meets all my neeeds whenever I am in the hosptal.'}}
